Which product is most appropriate for Internet distribution
Are you doing
After all the 19 strengths of the Internet live
It can be said that the product has been spreading to myself
I think though
I would like to think systematically here
Other than strength in distribution on the Internet
Though it is summarized in the direction of
Exclusion and disclosure of information about analysis
When the data transmission commission has studied in the past with the trial
Products that
Very planned
For those things
Yes it would be a success to say that you want to know the information
I think
Then I do not need to get the latest information
Providing the latest information
As there are a large number of certified people as being difficult to sit down
It is so fierce that new information is always
in real time
Yes, it is very important to run through
It is important that it is provided
The purchase price of these products is also on the Internet
It becomes cheaper
I can say good things
MSF tell this to buy sexually time faster than fast
I can watch a memorable movie
Such judgments in the weather, especially in the hands
Because it is a product that is easy to
I think it can be said that the reason is good but slightly different
Voice about full color price
By doing this when it comes to sound
Wasted core costs are being discovered
Can you say that the price bounces back or disappears
Whether or not
Speaking of no problem
It goes to school
Well this is the ticket finances that I have been involved with.
Of the product
Devil
Can we enjoy by exchanging information?
Or if you can post information
For example, there are consumers who gather and exchange information
There and still feel a sense of solidarity
By having attached to the country
It can be said that the strength of the Internet can live
I
fda rice ge means that this is a shelf of a Japanese restaurant
But it is actually
By actually going to school
It is generally said that the correctness of food is always
Internet sites also do not lose
is not it
Below house
I'm thinking more about whether it's fun too
In that sense it was different from going to a real store
It can be offered, so it can be offered by touch
In the form of this year
Yeah
I think that it can be said that it includes the store
Then there are various other useful information
Can we provide
s For example, make an enemy explanation that you feel when you make reference information
Japan is often used to wish for lawsuits in Japan
Various Mr. Adachi and others
Ando's face What impression do you have to say and see it
By
It is possible to judge the price revision for the price increase book
By such things being provided
Yeah trading company
There is no great benefit for me
This can be said with movie cd and computer
Why
I think fitter is prepared
Shopping of these products
I think it can be said that it will be very easy to do